# graduate_admission
The world markets are developing rapidly and continuously looking for the best knowledge and experience among people. Young workers who want to stand out in their jobs are always looking for higher degrees that can help them in improving their skills and knowledge. As a result, the number of students applying for graduate studies has increased in the last decade. The number of Students planning to pursue a Graduate study is increasing year by year. Students tend to compare the chances of getting an admit from different universities before applying to them. By determining the chance, it will help the students to shortlist the universities and get into a good one. The objective is to explore what kind of data is provided, determine the most important factors that contribute to a student's chance of admission, and select the most accurate model to predict the probability of admission. This will assist students to know in advance if they have a chance to get accepted. The model fabricated assists the understudies with zeroing in on significant prerequisites to get a confirmation from a University. And furthermore, predicts the odds of getting a confirmation. The dataset introduced in this paper is identified with instructive space. Admission is a dataset with 500 columns that contains 7 distinctive autonomous factors which are.
•	Graduate Record Exam (GRE) score. The score will be out of 340 points.
•	Test of English as Foreigner Language (TOEFL) score, which will out of 120 points.
•	University Rating that indicates the ranking among other universities, the score is marked out of 5.
•	Statement of Purpose (SOP) which is a document written by the student to showcase his/her life, motivations and ambitions for the chosen degree/university, it is rated pout of 5 points.
•	Letter of Recommendation which verifies the candidate’s professional experience, it is rated out of 5.
•	Undergraduate GPA (CGPA) out of 10
•	Research experience that can support the application, such as publishing research papers in conferences, working as research assistant with university professor (either 0 or 1).
One dependent variable can be predicted which is chance of admission, that is according to the input given will be ranging from 0 to 1.
